Duplication of the A3Z3 gene seems thus to be unfavoured , possibly reflecting the trade-off between the advantages of an increased antiviral repertoire and the increased self - toxicity by gene dosage effect [ 18 ] .
Using estimates derived from these data , correlations among larval growth rate , larval survival , total development time , and final adult size were examined at the level of host plant species .
For female fore - wing length , the interaction between period and host plant species was not significant , nor was there a significant effect of period .
The nature of oxygen supply to the heart could also underlie tradeoffs between hypoxia tolerance and aerobic exercise capacity .
However , tradeoffs between hypoxia tolerance and exercise performance are not always observed .
Measuring correlations between quantitative growth parameters , such as lag , growth rate , and saturation , may reveal trade-offs or interactions among traits that can not be seen with the current data .
Another interesting finding was the lack of correlation between resting levels of both HSP 90β and HSC 70 and CTmax .
Hydrophobic interaction of pyrazol ring with Leu408 and second phenyl ring of phenoxyphenyl group with residues Met449 , Val458 and Leu528 were identified .
For example , the ShReD for the reaction pair [ R28 , R63 ] in the unweighted network is two (2) ( Figure   1C , i ) , since R28 ( 3-phosphoglycerate synthesis in glycolysis ) and R63 ( proline synthesis ) interact cyclically via the production and consumption of NADH and NAD+ .
Interesting recent work ( McHenry et al . , 2009a ; Windsor and McHenry , 2009 ) has begun to examine the interaction between the mechanical properties of neuromasts and hydrodynamics .
Turbulence intensity (Ti) , defined as the ratio between the standard deviation of wind speed and the mean speed ( Stull , 1988 ) , quantifies the turbulent energy within the flow .
Pairwise comparisons of evolutionary histories , as analyzed by BayesTraits ( see Methods section ) , showed significant correlations for the recruitment of N- Dll and N- Sal
Previous work using computer simulations found that variation in ancestry content could generate correlations between FST and absolute values of α , but only for loci with low FST values [ 43 ] .
Sexually antagonistic co - evolutionary stages are characterized by the interaction between sets of male persistence traits and female resistance counter - adaptations [ 5 ] .
We took a comprehensive approach to systematically examine variation in body temperature , food intake , body mass , and the resting metabolic rate (RMR) of females and litters , as well as serum prolactin levels during lactation , and to test for an interaction between litter size and ambient temperature on these variables .
These results are consistent with a trade-off between investment in preen secretion and immunity .
Despite the inability of expression levels to account for the correlation between number of interactions and evolutionary rate in these data sets , Bloom and Adami argued that expression levels completely explain the correlation between number of interactions and evolutionary rate , and that they failed to see this in the partial correlations because the partial correlations did not completely control for expression levels .
However , the magnitude of oxidative damage reflects the balance between the rate of ROS generation and neutralization , susceptibility to ROS , and the efficiency of repair mechanisms ( Monaghan et al . , 2009 ) .
Present theory for the evolution of parasite virulence is built upon the idea that there is a trade-off between the advantage of within - host replication and the disadvantage that such replication has on host survivorship [ 1–4 ] .
Several lines of evidence indicate functional links between fascin-1 protrusions and the contractile focal adhesions that are promoted by active Rho ; the phosphofascin-1 / cPKC complex regulates the balance between protrusions and focal adhesions in mesenchymal cells , and depletion of fascin-1 from colon carcinoma cells inhibits focal adhesion disassembly and prevents filopodia formation [ 5 , 18 ] .
A positive correlation between the size of the lake and its species richness is expected [ 17,42 ] .
The interplay between genetic architecture , phenotypes , and evolutionary and ecological dynamics are complex , yet despite the rapid acceleration of biological research , a fundamental understanding of the interplay among these factors remains elusive .
The conservation of LHCs from multiple and diverse subfamilies in individual organisms or closely related lineages suggests that the subfamilies are functionally distinct and could exhibit differences in pigment binding , absorption spectrum , strength of interaction with thylakoid membrane and differences in expression and associations with other LHCs .
This most likely reflects a trade-off between energy costs of the immune defence and other costly processes involved in reproduction ( i.e. Deerenberg et al . , 1997 ; Boonstra et al . , 2001 ; Ardia , 2005 ; Speakman , 2008 ) .
Considering that female tuco - tucos give birth to an average of four pups each time and only two times a year at the most ( Zenuto et al . , 2002a ) , it may be expected that the balance between the energy demands of reproduction and immunity is biased towards maximising the current reproductive contribution in this species ( Stearns , 1992 ) , at the expense of immunocompetence .
The results demonstrated that the colon cancer - specific gene network captured the most important genetic interactions in several cellular processes , such as proliferation , apoptosis , differentiation , mitogenesis and immunity , which are known to be pivotal for tumourigenesis .
In contrast , at the later developmental stages of A. thaliana , cpRPGs showed a positive correlation with expression of euRPGs and mtRPGs ( Figure S3C , S3D in Additional File 1 ) .
Discarding the effect of the endotoxin challenge , several immune indices ( lysis titre , haptoglobin concentration , and the proportion of heterophils , lymphocytes and eosinophils ) show a significant correlation between values from samples collected in the field and values from samples collected in the laboratory after birds had gone through a standard 14 h protocol .
Accurate quantitative measurements of uterine vascularity throughout embryonic development are required to determine correlations between uterine vascularity and potential physiological triggers of uterine angiogenesis .
This suggests a possible correlation between the richness of the visual scene in the natural environment and the number of stopping phases during the frequent turns of the desert ants performing learning walks [ i.e. C. fortis : no landmarks ( saltpans and chotts ) – exclusively voltes without stopping phases , O. robustior : few landmarks ( a skyline of distant dunes and acacia trees ) – only nest - centered stopping phases during pirouettes ; Müller and Wehner , 2010 ; C. noda and C. aenescens (forest) : many landmarks , i.e. a lot of visual information available – two types of turns with several stopping phases during pirouettes ] .
The analytical formula for the critical cell number of the community n c   ( Eqs.4 and 15 ) explains the above characteristics (1) and (2) of the community effect : first , n c   is determined by the balance of synthesis and degradation of the components involved , i.e. , mRNAs and proteins ; second , it is governed by the parameter that reflects how fast cells can communicate with each other ( k1 or ε ) , and also by how close cells are located to each other .
In terms of the protein concentrations , this mutual information expresses how well the ratio of the steady - state concentrations of the ternary complex ABC and the free adaptor protein B are balanced while at the same time requiring the concentration of both binary complexes ( AB and BC ) to be as low as possible .
The positive correlation in the allelic richness of MHC and microsatellites , together with other evidence , indicates that genetic drift has a great influence on the maintenance of MHC variations in small , isolated populations of snub - nosed monkeys [ 7 , 25 , 55 ] .
During the stop phases , we found very strong positive correlations between the distance of the head to the screen and stimulus size .
Thus , it is plausible that the interaction of thyroid hormones with COX5Ap and other COX subunits may affect both the regulation of metabolism and the growth and development of important organ systems .
Thus , steric effects could be an important feature in enabling the smaller nanobodies to interact more effectively with oligomers than larger antibodies and further comparison of the action of nanobodies and conventional antibodies is warranted .
The balance of regulation on survival and proliferation downstream of SYK is influenced by redox signaling : NADPH oxidase , in close proximity to BCR , can produce peroxide that inhibits phosphatase action on BCR - activated SYK , reinforcing tonic signaling [ 16 ] .
Maximise the correlation between the initial set of irreversible reactions and the experimental data .
This does not appear to be a consequence of mechanical constraints in the hindlimb at difference stance lengths , as the feasible force set maintains its shape at different inter - paw distances ( McKay and Ting , 2008 ) , but may reflect mechanical constraints emerging from interaction among the limbs or changes in the neural strategy of standing .
This stems from our finding that the persistent postprandial hyperglycaemia , classically observed in trout fed a high carbohydrate diet , was observed only in fish fed the HFD and not the LFD , suggesting an interaction between the effect of high carbohydrate and high fat on glucose utilisation and sensitivity to insulin in trout .
These studies described correlations between adaptive divergence of LWS and male nuptial coloration , suggesting that adaptation of the sensory system to different light regimes drives the divergence of mating signals and leads to reproductive isolation [ 17 , 18 ] .
To test correlation among traits ( like body and range size ) or influences of such traits on diversification rates , phylogenetic comparative methods (PCM) are applied , ensuring phylogenetic independence of data [ 22 ] .
The practical identifiability analysis for the available experimental schemes indicated high correlation between some pairs of parameters in the subset and large expected uncertainties for the parameters .
analysed variance by means of the ` animal model ' approach and reported a significant correlation between BMR and V̇O2max in house mice , but only when they used the constrained model of the partitioning of genetic variance ( e.g. with dominance variance set to zero ) .
A comparative study of birds revealed a positive correlation between mutation rate at minisatellite loci and extra - pair paternity , but not between mutation rate and relative testes mass which is a measure of relative sperm production .
Consequently , the sexes of many species have different and sometimes conflicting fitness optimization strategies involving sexual conflicts over parameters such as male mating rate , female ( re)mating , sperm digestion and competition ( Chapman et al .
Our recent contributions within this topic , that illustrate the constructive role of stochasticity , include the noise - induced coherence resonance phenomenon in multicellular circadian clocks [ 24 ] and the interplay between the stochasticity of the cell cycle duration and the protein expression noise in bacterial colonies [ 25 ] .
It is clear that other factors are interacting in our experiments , such as different body sizes and density of embryos at the beginning of the experiments between species , which may affect , to some degree , the absolute value of our results .
The TIR domain is highly conserved and interacts with adapter proteins such as MyD88 and TIRAP ( also known as Mal ) [ 6 ] .
Studies within species have shown correlations between BMR and masses of central organs ( Brzek et al . , 2007 ; Chappell et al . , 1999 ; Even et al . , 2001 ; Piersma et al . , 1996 ) , but other studies have failed to find correlations between BMR and sizes of central organs within species ( Geluso and Hayes , 1999 ; Russell and Chappell , 2007 ) .
By analysing the physical interaction between promoters and intergenic sequences of the mouse region syntenic to 4q25 , we have found a further degree of complexity in the chromatin structure of the region .
Another reason that a large number of controls were needed relates to a specific interaction between the properties of the anuran visual system and the video playback procedure .
We investigated conflicts between experimental results and predictions of EcoCyc–18.0–GEM in detail , and provide an extensive discussion of these conflicts within the context of EcoCyc and the literature .
Systematic attempts to identify new drug - target interactions are very frequent in the literature , based on sequence [ 14 ] , structure [ 15 ] , pathway - pathway interactions [ 16 ] , but also on chemical and phenotypical similarity among drugs and sets of ligands [ 17 , 18 ] , often leading to a large number of low - affinity interactions of limited significance .
For this particular problem it was decided to use eSS with DHC as the local solver because , once again , it offers the best balance between quality of the solution and computational time .
Previous studies have found correlations between wood density and resistance to cavitation ; however , to our knowledge , no previous study has tested the relationship between stem mechanical strength and cavitation resistance .
Enhanced by various hair arrangements and their grooves , the low adhesive and wetting properties of the cranefly cuticle allow the insect to interact with a variety of environmental surfaces and conditions where the insect can be immobilized .
Thus , there was a correlation between the restriction of pathogen growth and activation of lA - responsive genes .
To our knowledge , this is the first report demonstrating the protective function of ferritin against iron in digestive cells and suggesting the correlation of the iron metabolism and vitellogenesis in hematophagous arthropods .
A positive correlation between the total number of genes and the amount of mobile DNA in a genome has been reported for other facultative intracellular bacteria [ 36 ] , and a recent study has extended this observation to other prokaryotes [ 37 ] .
This showed that numerous elements exhibited single or low copy numbers , which was in line with the assumption that transposable elements need to compromise between transposition for self maintenance and limited insertions to keep host genome integrity [ 29 ] .
We found no correlation between testis bias of expression and msl-2 binding .
In the intestinal crypt , there is an interaction between the crypt as a whole and the stem cells , between stem cells of the niche and their surrounding tissue .
Finite Element Modeling of Shell Shape in the Freshwater Turtle Pseudemys concinna Reveals a Trade-Off between Mechanical Strength and Hydrodynamic Efficiency  
Strong many - to - one mapping may theoretically be possible for either shell strength or hydrodynamic efficiency ( or any number of other factors ) , but if these need to be considered together , then the limits on shell shape imposed by other pressures may necessitate a stronger correlation between shell strength and shape .
Turtle shells perform many functions besides interacting with fluids and resisting loads .
Previously , evidence was found of a correlation between the rate of nucleotide sequence change and the rate of gene rearrangement [ 26 ] .
Interestingly , there was an interaction between ecotype and environment for both enzymes such that when fish were subjected to swim - training , differences in overall liver enzyme activity were no longer found .
We test these functional predictions by measuring the correlation between the motions of the tail , pelvic fins and body disc and changes in locomotor performance – measured by horizontal speed , Strouhal number , speed on the glide path and glide angle – in neonates of the lesser electric ray , Narcine brasiliensis .
The finding of a significant negative correlation between protein length and pathway position in this study corroborates studies in the insulin / TOR signaling of Drosophila [ 3 ] and indicated that downstream genes encode shorter and more actively translated proteins [ 3 ] .
Although this model is based on correlative data , further tests with FTIR using deuterated water could separate interactions between hydroxyl groups of lipids and interactions between water molecules .
That is , there was a lack of correlation between the ratios of expression levels of amino acid pathway genes and corresponding CEF ratios .
There were tight correlations amongst leaf , stem and root chemical composition in the dominant 40 species of a subarctic flora including seven growth forms , providing support for a single axis of trait variation .
Indeed , we show a strong correlation between dmpi8 splicing efficiency and altitudinal differences in sleep behavior at cooler temperatures that is intriguingly dependent on the SNP3 variant ( Fig .  
However , a positive correlation between MT levels in tissues and environmental metal concentrations has led many authors to view MT as a useful biomonitor of the bioavailabilities of trace metals ( Hennig , 1986 ; Hogstrand and Haux , 1991 ) .
However , whether the functional correlation between foot position and role in propulsion is similar in mammals and lizards remains to be investigated .
The model comprises two parts : The first one relates the PEP / pyruvate ratio for different growth conditions of a wild type strain and mutant strains ( PtsP , PtsO , FruB ) to the degree of phosphorylation of the PTS protein PtsN. Based on the information for the different mutant strains , the complete set of equations could be simplified for every growth condition / strain and the equilibrium constants were calculated or chosen to describe the experimental data at best .
Biologically , this means that , in order to balance reducing equivalents and carbon metabolites simultaneously , the cell has to comply with substrate - specific ratios of CO2 release and biomass yield per substrate taken up .
This tenet has received comparative support , for example from correlations across species between the inferred degree of sperm competition and the rate of evolution of SFPs in primates [ 11 , 20 ] , rodents [ 21 , 22 ] and insects [ 23 ] .
Therefore , trade-offs between plesiotypic trait compatibility among available plants [ 19 ] and selection for traits resulting in host conservatism , should strongly favour thrips associations with Acacia .
Our data suggests interplay of JunD with the ATF family and HNF4 during macrophage activation , which was previously unappreciated .
A generalized model for anuran swimming can be used to explore interactions between hydrodynamics and aspects of performance ( e.g. swimming efficiency and speed ) .
Finally , a lack of correlation between the proportion of indels and amino acid differences in the set of genes used in this study highlights the different evolutionary mechanisms that regulate both types of changes .
It is therefore reasonable to suggest that the seed size vs number tradeoff may be more easily detected using twig morphometry as a measure of size .    
have shown a seed size vs number tradeoff using basal area or leaf mass , or canopy area , as surrogates for plant size .
Cross - species and PIC analyses yielded mutually consistent correlations between twig size and total reproductive allocation .  
We predicted that the trade-off between the number and size of the eggs will be strongest in X. ramesis , weakest in P. chephrenis and in a moderate form in S. cleopatrae .
We also tested whether fleas demonstrate a trade-off between the number and size of their eggs .
The use and daily timing of torpor should therefore reflect a trade-off between the benefits of elevated Tb and MR during normothermia and the associated energy costs of thermoregulatory heat production .
When adults were allowed to nectar feed , both sexes oxidized significant amounts of the dietary AAs even though they had an abundance of carbohydrates as an energy source ( the ratio between AAs and carbohydrates in the nectar was 1:1250 ) .
The second hypothesis is that two network mechanisms which both give rise to synaptic depression ( namely presynaptic - inhibition and vesicle - depletion ) participate in establishing a balance between the network 's reliability and sensitivity .    
Most intriguingly , there is a midpoint in the spectrum - a balance between vesicle - depletion and presynaptic - inhibition - which gives rise to the maximum discriminability rates using only short - time observations .
Using this second hypothesis , one can further postulate that a balance of vesicle - depletion and presynaptic - inhibition within the AL is required in order to optimize the discriminability of the network over short observation - times .  
Although there is no similar detailed study available of the physiological impact of the absence of APX activity in Symbiodinium , we propose that the differential response of KCN and GA is related to the additional inhibitory effect KCN has on APX activity and thereby the strong correlation between the reduction state of the plastoquinone pool and σPSII .
Our findings suggest that the causes of the anomalous solute crowding could stem from the interactions between the lipids of the forming vesicles and the molecules of the solute .
In general , fat accumulation results from the balance between de novo synthesis of fatty acids and fat catabolism via β - oxidation , and many key enzymes are involved in the process ( Leavens and Birnbaum , 2011 ) .
Nevertheless , as data on M. rubra show no similar inverse relationship , overall there is no trade-off between the expression of HSP70 and the mechanism of chill coma recovery .
Precocial species also exhibit reduced growth rates due to proposed physiological tradeoffs between tissue maturity and rate of cellular differentiation ( Ricklefs , 1979 ; Ricklefs et al . , 1994 ) .
The torque produced by a muscle results from the interplay between its activation by the nervous system and several biomechanical characteristics such as its moment arm , physiological cross - sectional area , force – length and force – velocity relationships , specific tension and passive force .
Here , we review results from a study of bird wings ( Janson , 1996 ) , showing that the ratio Lm / L between the moment arms of the pectoral muscle and the resultant aerodynamic force on the wing is nearly constant among different - sized birds ( Fig . 1 ) .
Carotenoid trade-off between parasitic resistance and sexual display : an experimental study in the blackbird ( Turdus merula )   
The 3D approach not only examines when a critical window is present , or how large it is , but also visualizes the interaction between the three important variables of time , dose and effect size .
Therefore , A. franciscana is an excellent model organism to test in detail the 3D critical window construct by examining the interaction between the dose of an environmental stressor and the exposure window on the magnitude of a phenotypic modification .
In view of the above , the present study aimed to identify and quantify the volatile compounds that are present in the CSG secretions of S. postica during different life phases using gas chromatography – mass spectrometry ( GC - MS ) , and subsequently identify possible correlations between the changes in secretion composition and the status of the worker in the colony by statistical analysis .
The mechanical advantage of jaw levers captures a fundamental trade-off between force and velocity transmission of the muscle contractions that are input to the lever ( Wainwright and Richard , 1995 ; Westneat , 2004 ) , but recent work has challenged the straightforward implication of lever mechanical advantage for velocity transmission because lever mechanics inevitably have impacts on muscle mechanics and the interaction may not be easily predicted ( McHenry , 2011 ) .
However , the phylogenetic structure present in the 59-be site tree , where 59-be sites from a given species cluster more frequently with others sharing a similar host , also suggest a correlation between phylogenetic distance and frequency of cassette exchange .
Behavioral , energetic or resource - based conflicts between maintenance processes such as molt and the stress response may have influenced the evolution of life cycle schedules .
Strong correlations between the presence of a venom delivery system and diversification have been identified .
According to the several aging theories , the extended lifespan is often correlated with increased resistance against various stressors , and several studies have shown genetic correlations among resistance to several stresses and longevity , thereby strongly suggesting that genetic basis of lifespan and stress resistance overlap [ 65–67 ] .
In the process of fitting the model to the data , the tool identifies suggestive correlations among aspects of the model and the data .
In the presence of noise fast regulation requires energy input [ 31 ] leading to a trade-off between speed and cost of a biological computation [ 13 , 32 ] .
The trend towards a less pronounced suppressing effect of FS than of UC larvae on Aspergillus colonies ( Figure 3 ) might support the idea of a negative genetic correlation between resistance and tolerance [ 45 , 46 ] in Drosophila external defense against noxious microbes .
Patterns of biting are influenced by the interaction between the premaxillary condyle of the maxilla and the MXC .
The strongest evidence supporting the idea that a pharyngeal mill has contributed to scarine biodiversity comes from our BiSSE analysis which found a high correlation between the possession of a pharyngeal mill and the diversification rate .
If there is a positive correlation between success in mating initiation and male fitness , then we propose that the mating mechanics may not only be the main mechanism sufficient to explain the true size - assortative mating pattern in a population , but it may also contribute to the natural selection that shapes male size distribution given the local female size distribution in G. gracilicornis , and possibly in other water strider species .
Regional effects in the rodent - human clade have been detected , for example , by analyzing the correlations of distinct pseudo - neutral quantities such as SNP density , indel density , substitution rate in ancestral repeats , and substitution rates in silent sites [ 11 ] .
The existence of an MA law in protein domain organization can be explained as the consequence of the frustrated interaction between the strategies of economy , flexibility and robustness .
The interplay of alterations in DNA copy number and epigenetic states is complex , and to understand the full picture data from multiple sources needs to be integrated .
For example , a correlation between the over - expression of WT ASYN and the observed cell loss has been shown in SH - SY5Y cells [ 8 ] , a human neuroblastoma cell line that upon treatment with retinoic acid assumes a neuronal phenotype ; SH - SY5Y cells have often been used to model PD following various toxicological or molecular insults .
Infectious diseases , which remain a major cause of human morbidity / mortality , are the direct result of interactions between the human host and unique sets of microbial virulence factors .
In the present study , we examined how the dynamics of flapping flight interact with the timing and performance of the bat 's sonar guidance system .
While our results support the notion that there are trade-offs between energy cost and impact forces in HS and NHS walking , the estimation of energy costs from the inverse dynamics analysis relies on key assumptions that require further testing .
We observed no correlation between the molecular evolution of Runx and GAPDH , a well - conserved ' house - keeping ' gene , and we observed only a weak correlation between CBFβ and GAPDH ( Figure 5B ) .
Several surveys provided clear evidence for a correlation between the prevalence of slow acetylators in human populations and the subsistence strategy adopted by their ancestors in the last 10,000   years , suggesting that a slower rate of acetylation may have provided a selective advantage in populations shifting from foraging to pastoralism / agriculturalism in the Neolithic period [ 18 , 20 , 21 , 24 ] .
However , the role of sleep in spatial memory consolidation in birds has not yet been examined ( Rattenborg et al . , 2011 ) and the interaction with differences in early nutrition and sleep has not been investigated .
However , phenotypic traits that improve either locomotor economy or fighting ability may conflict with performance in the other ( Carrier , 2002 ; Oufiero and Garland , 2007 ) , resulting in a functional trade-off ( Lewontin , 1978 ;
The first approach is based on the explicit detection of the physical protein - DNA interaction between regulators and promoters of target genes .
The correlation between proportion of extra - pair paternity and response to novel objects also varies according to operational sex ratio in a large - scale study on captive zebra finches Taeniopygia guttata [ 24 ] .
In the supplement we use gene expression from micro - arrays to re - investigate the correlation between process and locality in the regulatory network .
Observations of correlation between SNP rate and recombination on the autosomes in both CB4856 and CB4858 have been proposed to either reflect an inherent mutagenic effect of recombination or conditions where selection results in the loss ( negative selection ) or fixation ( positive selection ) of new mutations along with all linked polymorphisms .
Using a mixed integer linear program we model the interaction between groups of different mutated genes and the resulting modifications at the gene expression level .
The interaction between colour change for crypsis and colour change for thermoregulation presents another potential conflict for many species including reptiles and amphibians ( Stuart - Fox and Moussalli , 2009 ) , though this is likely to be of little importance to exclusively aquatic organisms .
Such environmental complexity interacting with phenotypic integration and variation in genomic architecture can result in a pattern of shared and unique organismal responses similar to the one revealed here for extremophile poeciliids ( with emphasis on Gambusia spp . ) inhabiting sulfidic waters .
For example , Singer & Hickey [ 4 ] observed a weaker correlation between base composition and amino acid composition for conserved proteins as compared to rapidly evolving proteins .
Interestingly , only a few studies of reptiles have attempted to analyze renal function in species with and without salt glands , and clear correlations between possession of salt glands and kidney structure and function in reptiles remain to be examined .
Variation in sleep has been shown to interact with a number of physiological and behavioural traits in Drosophila , such immune function , metabolism , learning and memory function [ 40–48 ] .
However , more study of the role of FIKKs and the interaction between the PVM and host cell in apicomplexan species outside Plasmodium is needed in order to refine this hypothesis .
To investigate a possible regulatory role of omy - miRNA-143 on abhd5 expression , we measured both expression levels across feeding stages and identified a significant inverse correlation in the expression of omy - miR-143 and abdh5 .
Its peculiarly folded morphology ( Fig .   7 , 8A ) can be considered a compromise between the limited volume of the metafemur and the demand to provide an increased surface area for muscle attachment .
Although we did not directly observe how these gene expression responses corresponded to functional immune responses , their relevance to functional immune status is supported by the frequently observed correlation between gene expression and infection in sticklebacks [ 51–54 ] and many other vertebrates .
In the present study experiments were done to determine whether in other fruit species cell wall swelling and pectin solubilisation occurred concurrently and if there was a correlation between the extent of cell wall swelling and pectin solubilisation during ripening .  
These results demonstrate that FRET observed in whole cell lysates is due to a specific interaction between the YPet - tagged SH2 domain of Hck and the tyrosine - phosphorylated cytoplasmic domain of CEACAM3 WT - CyPet .
Since the value of Nc is inversely proportional to the level of codon bias , this means that there is a highly significant positive correlation between codon bias and divergence rate in this case .
This apparent inconsistency has been attributed to the presence of genetic correlations between tolerance and resistance , environmental variation , multiple functions of secondary metabolites and with allocation or ecological costs of both strategies .
The role of Her / Hes to maintain the MHB as a non - neurogenic zone was found to be mediated via the repression of pro - neural genes , and by this to contribute to the integrity of the MHB and the balance between growth and differentiation in the midbrain and anterior hindbrain [ 30 , 113–115 ] .
In contrast , we found only marginal evidence for a trade-off between this increased acid tolerance and performance at neutral pH ( populations with highest embryonic survival in the acid treatment had slightly reduced survival in the neutral treatment ) .
( Garratt et al . , 2011 ) did report a positive correlation between protein oxidation and litter size in female house mice at peak lactation , hinting that oxidative stress may increase with reproductive effort during particular reproductive periods .
There is an interaction of the effects of substrate type and arthropod size on rustling sound parameters .
Our results represent , to our knowledge , the first demonstration of a tradeoff between early reproduction and the rate of reproductive senescence in a wild vertebrate population .  
A central tenet of life history theory is that mothers face a trade-off between the number and size of offspring they produce .
